The gsap.to() method is similar to the gsap.from() method, 
but the difference is that the gsap.to() method animates elements from 
their current state to a new state, while the gsap.from() method animates 
elements from a new state to their current state.

titile page with the school and the logo on it
table of contents
the interview questions
whats the purpose of an interview
min 10 questions
while adding the pictures we should add the tittle of an image
flow chart


Data collection - the processs of gathering information to understand a problem or system
Qualitative data - description, non-numerical information
Quantitative data - numerical and measurable information that can be counted or statistically analysed
Questionnaire - a written set questions used to collect data from multiple people
Interview - a face-to-face or remote conversation used to gather detailed information
Observation - watching users or processes directly to understand how a current system works
Alternative solution - a different possible approach to solving the same problem

When the text says to explain something we need to add the definiton and after that explain the advantages and disadvantages

The analyst  has identified possible solutions off-the-shelf software bespoke adapted open-source software. compare those referring at least three criteria, recommend one solution justifying your choice
cost development time possibilites ans support

Nazarbayev Intellectual School of Science and Mathematics in Medeu District of Almaty

Advanced project 
Computer Science 
“ ” web application 

Student: Addina A.S 11 “B” 
Teacher: Agaralova A.G

Table of contents 
Table of contents
1. Definition, investigation and analysis
1.1. Description of stakeholders
1.1.1. Description of client
1.1.2. Description of users 
1.2. Current system
1.2.1. Interview with customer about the current system 
1.2.2. User survey about current system
1.2.3. Flowchart/Data flow diagram
1.2.4. Alternative solutions
1.3. Investigation and analysis 
1.3.1. Interview with the customer about the new system 
1.3.2. Requirements for the future system 

1.1.1. Description of client 




